---
layout: post
title: "Now Running Octopress"
date: 2011-10-15 16:12
comments: true
categories: 
---

As my friends are aware, I love [Ruby](http://ruby-lang.org) [1]. I was,
and still am, hungry to write more of it.  Shortly after putting up my
wimpy Rails app for blogging, I had already decided it wasn't going to
work that well. I realized I wrote the app to create something in Rails
and deploy it on Heroku. Fun, but not a long term solution. I got
discouraged and <s>stopped</s> failed to start blogging in hopes to
build a system I would use.

Still on my Ruby binge, I decided to use Sinatra to make a super simple
app that would serve my static 
[Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) files. But
somewhere in between graduating and moving across the country, I lost
track of that project and its source code. I also learned about
[Jekyll](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll), which did everything I
wanted my app to do and more. I got discouraged again.

Today I learned about [Octopress](http://octopress.org/), a Sinatra
based framework that utilizes Jekyll. Described as an, "obsessively
designed framework", I was delighted to find that it's almost exactly
what I wanted to build myself. And since it's a Rack app, it plays nice
with [pow](http://pow.cx/), another tool I've been looking for a reason
to use. So, shout out to [Brandon Mathis](https://github.com/imathis)
and the Octopress contributors for making a great tool!

[1] They'll also tell you that I have attention deficit disorder when it
comes to learning and using new programming languages.
